Hiking signs are common where I come from (not glowing ones, but neither are
torches.) Missing them in minetest. Not any more! :-)

Signs are applied to rocks, tree trunks, walls. And where there are no objects
to apply them to, often poles are used to mark the path. (Very useful in
winter.) There are four common colours used: red, blue, yellow and green. Red
and blue are mostly used for longer tracks, while yellow and green for local
ones or to connect blues and reds.


Signs:

To craft a sign apply this simple recipe:

    white dye
    colour dye
    white dye

To craft 6 arrows add more of the same colour dye as in:

    sign  sign
    sign  sign  more dye
    sign  sign

and:

              sign  sign
    more dye  sign  sign
              sign  sign


Poles:

To craft a pole put two sticks above each other:

    stick
    stick

To craft a pole with sign put either a sign above a pole or above two sticks:

    sign
    pole

or:

    sign
    stick
    stick


Illuminated:

Add a torch and you will get a glowing sign. :-)


Describe:

Oh, and by the way, right clicking the sign one can add a path id. Yes, hiking
trails have an id here.


-- Martian


License:
Sourcecode: WTFPL (see below)
Graphics: WTFPL (see below)

See also:
http://minetest.net/

         DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO PUBLIC LICENSE
                    Version 2, December 2004

 Copyright (C) 2004 Sam Hocevar <sam@hocevar.net>

 Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim or modified
 copies of this license document, and changing it is allowed as long
 as the name is changed.

            DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO PUBLIC LICENSE
   TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION

  0. You just DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO. 
